Week1
I joined the group, Wesley. We discussed the project and set initial goals. We decided on a ‘book recommendation system’ as the theme of the group project. Then we created the Jira group and the group's Github project

Week2
We have reviewed several existing projects and discussed many possibilities. In addition, we decided on a user story to determine the main features of the project and a phased completion goal.

Week3
We defined the functionality of the project through group meetings, and I was actively involved in the design of the project, identifying important parts of the front-end. Our discussions were successfully approved by the tutor.

Week4
We started to work on the project in earnest and I was responsible for creating the front-end part. My main task was to build the framework for the front-end. I handed over the initial framework and the functionality to my team member SongLi for further refinement.

Week5
We have completed all the work on the first phase of Demo 1, including the user login page, user registration and user profile, and after our demo of Demo 1 we summarised, the comments given to us by tutor and conducted a group meeting. The aim was to summarise the shortcomings in Demo 1 and make changes. We also developed the content of Demo 2.

Week6
It's been a flexible week, but we are still working hard. This week we started the core work on Sprint2, and I need to continue to design the Search function of the web page and the View Orders function so on

Week7
Based on feedback and suggestions from our tutor, I improved the previous content such as the login, registration and password reset pages.
Based on tutor's feedback and suggestions, we improved the previous content. And I have added and improved the Search book function, where users can view their shopping cart and check out. After checking out, users can see the contents of their orders, etc.

Week8
We completed Demo 2 and presented the work to tutor. After getting the tutor's feedback on our project, I will further revise the framework of Demo2 and I will pass the works which is improved the details of the page to my team member SongLi and speed up the work on the final Sprint3.

Week9
During the final Sprint3 work we made very rapid progress. I have basically completed the front-end framework and now just need to make further improvements to the content underneath it.

Week10
It's been a final week and I have got a lot of understanding about React through this project. Working on Sprint3, we achieved all our goals and made many improvements to the final product.